A6000 README instructions (#326)
backend-developers-ltd/ComputeHorde: README.md

export AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID=...
export AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY=...
export AWS_DEFAULT_REGION=...
```

Note: `AWS_DEFAULT_REGION` property is optional. Use it when your buckets are not in your default AWS region.

> Export `AWS_ENDPOINT_URL` too if you want to us another S3 provider. If not given, the default AWS S3 endpoint will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Export `AWS_ENDPOINT_URL` too if you want to us another cloud object storage (s3-compatible) provider. If not given, AWS S3 will be used.
```
